[Music]
Hello family, how are you? I hope you
're enjoying your day. This
time I'm bringing you a video that, despite
being a critique and a little bit of salt
and controversy, is quite serious and it really
pissed me off making this video. I've already
talked about this topic on several occasions
on my salsa TV channel, which is the
channel where I cover news from the
heart for your mothers. Write
for other grandmothers. It's no joke.
Celebrity news, news
like that, from the pink press are out there on TV. I
invite you all to help the
community that I have there. We already have more
than 100,000 subscribers and two plaques among
the youth. Sometimes my honor also
succeeds. Getting back to the subject and
getting serious, this case is very serious
and I need you to please share the
video and for this criticism to be taken very
seriously because this cannot be taken as a
joke or lightly. The least I can do is apologize,
no less than apologize and do
n't let this happen again. You know,
I'm one of the  people more understanding
when it comes to making salsa and you know that I
respect everyone's work
as long as the lives of
others are respected, I understand that we
can all make mistakes and that no one is Peru
but what I will not accept under any
circumstances is that I be taken for a fool, the
jokes and above all that
my audience be taken for a fool, who is not even a
hair's breadth away just like the
protagonist of this video is good with
these guys the video the level of the video
can only rise the profession of
the paparazzi and the gossip
press journalists I don't know in
your countries if you are watching this
video outside of Spain but at least
here it should start to take on a different tone
and should start to change I really like
salsa I really like the
heart in fact I live off them but there are
things and there are rules that 20 or 30
years ago were allowed and that today should
change 20 and 30 years ago it was very
common to see journalists harassing
everyone at the doors of their houses
celebrities today that is not a good idea
because they can be located quickly
today there is the internet and the moment
you are taking the photograph or
recording the door of a
famous person's house anyone can go to
google maps and locate where this
person lives do not be impulsive until
the limit can this be considered
legal but it continues to be done I do not know if you
put yourselves in the period of others but
I can get up on the
wrong side of the bed and if I see a series of
people taking photos of the entrance
of my house where I live quietly, they will
most likely try the terrace at
hand they have a bucket of bleach and what can I
say if someone is
following me with the car and is
recording me and is going to publish
my car's license plate because if I believe that the
license plate of my car is in some way
private information no or no I do not know, I do not know
any expert but I am surprised by the
impunity with which some people
do these practices, it may not be that they
do it with bad intentions and simply
being blinded by the money of the paparazzi
which we are going to talk about next
is condemned in the first instance to
a very large amount of money  because a
presenter sued him and accuses her of
having sold some intimate photographs
that were taken of her in her bungalow the thing
is that if you are recording the door of
my house and make my address public
we are giving the opportunity to a lot
of crazy people on the internet and that
probably many
of them won't like to be able to locate me and
can make come bother me or
bother me at my house even to do
something crazy the addresses and where
each one lives
and private surely even the
young people you will have heard that last week
one of the most famous singers
in Spain was sitting in court again whose reach reaches across
the pond Isabel Pantoja you already know
that the widow of the bullfighter
Paquirri spent several years in jail
for financial reasons and basically for
taking money from the people of Marbella
the thing is that now the tasks
judging for punishable insolvency that
as far as my legal knowledge goes and I am
not much it is something like
having declared oneself insolvent
having money in some form but
success I could be wrong I do not know if it is
exactly something like that the important thing  of the
matter and the relevant thing here is that
a lot of commotion was created because when she
sat in court to testify, since it was
a public trial, journalists could enter
and they stood inside the
courtroom around them taking
pictures of them in a regrettable manner. I'm not going
to defend her of course from what she has
done if she has done something so serious, given all
that she would have behind it or the truth is that if she has to
suffer the shame, let her suffer it.
In the end, each one of us should not be held
responsible, we should not be responsible, much
less what we do. The question is
not that. The question is that some
journalists like the one we are with. The question is
not that. The question is that during
this period that we are talking about in
this video, he was not happy with the
images from the courtroom but with his
car he was chasing her to a
house, a chalet, I don't know if it belongs to
her or is it somewhere where she was
staying, but he had no qualms about
chasing her to that place,
showing us all the direction and the
way and driving quite
recklessly from my point of view. I'm going
to show you some excerpts from the video in
question, okay, it's a live broadcast, he was
broadcasting it live, I don't know.  He edited it
at all to censor the license plates
of the cars they were chasing and the
cars that were on the public road at
the beginning of the live stream as you can see he is
waiting on the shoulder of the
Marbella highway waiting for the famous person to pass
in the vehicle she is in to
begin the chase here you see him
stopped on the shoulder for a few
minutes without any
apparent reason to pursue these
famous people as you can see on the
screen he has the cell phone in his hand and
as you can see from the
movements he makes not only is he
recording with his hand but he
probably has his hand at the height
of the steering wheel more or less not
and
from what you can see in the recording
at the height we see the capo and from the
movements that we are going to see
next here comes a
rather curious scene and it is seen that he had to
see the police or the civil guard
or something like that he hides the
cell phone by running in the seat but it
is something that seems logical to me if it is done
with the cell phone here recording here at this
height to record the road and
where the famous person is going then it is logical that  if you
see someone you don't like,
even if you don't want them to see you,
hide your phone under the seat, don't
stick like that for a few minutes until they
catch it again, don't catch it again
let's see if it has a turn, I don't
turn the phone, what first it grabbed it
like vertically and then it turned and
continues, okay, a detail for my taste
I could be wrong maybe this
escapes me but in all these
lane changes that he's making during the
action times, this white car at
no time did he hear the noise of the turn
signals but of course it's absolutely
impossible that he's putting on the
turn signals at any time when he
has the wheel in one hand and his
cell phone in the other, the moment that you're going to
see now after
this screen is removed because sometimes it
loses coverage and this screen comes out
is completely surreal do you remember
Lady Di's last day when they were
chasing the paparazzi on the
road and so on, well, thank goodness
Isabel Pantoja's driver didn't get
as nervous and tried to flee because he did
have some quite
uncomfortable situations on the road like this one that you
're going to see in  the next few seconds
here we see how he puts in parallel
trying to record the car where
Isabel Pantoja is going imagine the driver
imagine the people who are traveling with
her when you see that man putting
skulls and doing this I mean it's like
and how far are you turning the
phone to record you look at the
[ __ ] road man look at the
[ __ ] road that incited very
serious events these are not simply
traffic violations to me that he
doesn't put the turn signals or even that they
lose seven points from his license I don't
give a damn because
speaking clearly and badly and sorry for
the expression but what would have mattered to me
is if there had been an
accident on the road that would have
harmed the singer the driver
or any person who was
calmly going along the road imagine that
you are driving so calmly following all the
rules with your family calmly and you
have to make some strange maneuver
because this man is making a
direct point with which he has
surely won three or four euros followers
I repeat that I am live let's go for the
Andalusia Plaza
I am live that I am  here as you can
see she harassed the call and she's even
putting her finger on the camera she's
blocking the visibility of the phone a little bit it
reminds me of my mother taking
photos she always puts her finger on the
camera she's not as bad at focusing on me she's doing a
lot of good that she
also takes the luxury of taking the call and
answering it the only thing I'm missing is some
coke because if she starts clapping
not only have I put this
piece so you can hear the melody that
Diego Arrabal has on his phone but I would
also like him to pay close
attention to what she says when she finishes and
hangs up the call
let's not put it parallel to her
see recording him here he's recording
recording them here he's recording read
this same thing that he just did because I
imagine that the people in his chat would be
putting the comments like what the hell are you
doing recording on your phone
driving because this is live
I insist do it again a few minutes
later he records me and
records and records and come on record or rather he takes
his audience for Filippo for his
audience for absolutely idiots I know
who he's going to  to believe that this man at the
height of the car at the height of the moon
that we are seeing here the frame of
where he is recording who is going to believe
that he has someone next to him recording
when a little while before at the moment that he
started to hide the mobile phone when
the police came or when that
dropped it on the seat I don't know why
we have been able to verify that there was
absolutely nobody with it mounted in the
car the seat next to you is empty
look look
there you have the empty seat a
laptop on the floor the seat is
empty look we can even see there the
upholstery that he has look a laptop on
the floor that he carries in case he fails on
a live show or whatever and the
passenger seat is empty because you take your
audience for fools well sometimes more
audience for fools because it's not like I
'm the smartest in the class when
you see reacting hd live in one of
my live shows which I did completely
unaware that it was going against me in
fact the people who are fanatics of this man
because if he has fans don't ask me
why but he has something he started
attacking me insulting me telling me that I'm
jealous and that's why  I criticize
him as a professional that we are
ignorant and that how bad we are that the
only thing missing was taking the complaint to
the DGT as if they give him a fine or
whatever it is our fault, in other words,
we are responsible for
this man having done this but
come on if you are channeling me the
thing does not stay even close when he
is arriving at the house or the
urbanization or the chalet where
Isabel Pantoja is staying the following happens you
hear a kind of click where it
seems to me
oh have you heard it you hear the
kind of and a beep from the car starts to sound
and here I imagine that the lawyer will live
what fits me in fact is that
surely when he is seeing that he
is arriving at the destination where he will have to get
out of the car to get
his images of minutes that nobody has
asked for and that are not relevant because what
interested us was to see Isabel
Pantoja in court not in her house in
slippers or at least
decent people I think that what he does there is
take off his seatbelt and that is the alert
that we are  listening and walks for
a while still has
three minutes of live and when it's finally
arriving the beeping
gets louder I think it's the
seatbelt the longer it's
off the louder I
'm sure and nothing gets out of the car
and starts recording the car entering
the chalet I don't insist this is very
dangerous this Diego Arrabal just
showed us the entire walk the entire
way to go to whoever's house
where this woman is here you have it
okay I mean look at google map it's not like I had to
complicate things too much I followed
the path that Diego Arrabal showed me it
's on the dead end
you go and nothing and I arrived at
Isabel Pantoja's house this does the same
any buzz or whoever hates her or hates
Isabel Pantoja with
the controversies she's had especially
with the people of Marbella and she's capable of
going there and being a pain in the ass and well the
last few seconds of the live show will
give you goosebumps because not
only was he not happy with
recording her inside the trial barely  a
palm of his face we have been happy
either recording it all over the highway
on the way home but look at what he
does
and there are people applauding these days here
we find two moves with two
parts that in my opinion are quite
serious and quite despicable and
quite reprehensible on the one hand there is the
persecution the stress not leaving him alone
the privacy the recording
under the door of the famous person
and then there are all the infractions that
I believe he has committed on the road
or rather surely someone will report him I
hope that I tell you I don't give a
damn about the complaint the fines they
give him the points on his license that
important thing to me personally what
outrages me about this is the safety of the
people who are on the road I say that we have
seen him recording backwards that he
is not driving with all his
senses that he is not driving with
all his hands incredible and as I have already
shown you there are many people who
were also criticizing me and another
colleague who have also echoed
this spectacle because how bad we are that we
criticize other colleagues that
is the level and  Do you think that this
character when he has seen the criticism and
with the option to apologize because in the
end we are all human we all
make mistakes and we have to learn
no none of us are gods none of us are
perfect do you think he has apologized no
what he is doing is hesitating and making fun of us
more taking advantage of the fact that we
can not only take him but
I am at the same level as the
others who have argued with the others who
have fought over the people who
confront each other there on Telecinco but the
truth is that no the truth is that no this was
the day after my live okay it is that
instead of responding directly and
giving explanations of what he had done what he
did was this kind of joke I do
not put on my seatbelt or
I take it off I
put on my seatbelt I take it off or I record
or I do not record in the car quickly yes
Victor plillos oh yes yes the truth is that the
time to take it very lightly Diego the
truth is that thank goodness that nothing has happened
because if not we will have gotten the headline
believe me apart from
taking the subject so lightly what he
is doing here in  this live show is
trying to play smart not
acting morally superior
intelligent or something like that in the
sense that the rest of us are the
fools and that he doesn't have some sack
hidden away in the rear what
the character did was wait three days to
respond to this three or four and
respond with this photo that he uploaded both
on his twitter account and on his
instagram account with all my love he
dedicated this self-portrait to some
very dumb idiot who still doesn't know how to
record himself while driving
very dumb Diego Arrabal you have to be a real idiot to
believe this manipulation that you
're trying to sell us we're not on
Telecinco the lies there here not here we
check things Diego wants
us to believe that he was driving this thing
that surely if he had driven it he would have
crashed into the roof unless you were
in a convertible with the sunroof
but anyway he wants to sell us that he was driving
this thing for the 15 minutes of the live show
if you see here at the
beginning of the live show okay he's here
finishing up setting up the live show or
whatever he has the front camera
and now he doesn't  moment he switches to the
rear camera to see what he's recording
if you see he just switched from the
front camera to the rear camera to see what he's
recording and the
same height is maintained throughout the live broadcast,
that is, he moves his hand from where he
has it, neither his hand nor the cell phone in fact if he
had that kind of
inspector gadget helmet
on when he turns the camera around now you can just stand there because most likely we would have seen some kind of movement that they are putting it on you I would like to know what you are doing here Diego with the helmet on your head
that he has fallen asleep and you take a
nap while he drives for a
few minutes in the
passenger seat like that thing I know he is the
smartest in the class, not that he is but if he
were with a helmet on his head like you
are saying on twitter he would be
recognizing that you have recorded for
a few seconds quite a lot in
fact with his head turned on the
road without looking ahead if we
observe now let
's go apart from not having time and
you run out of the car you do not stop
to take off your seatbelt or anything if we
observe  or it
comes out quickly equal to the height of the
height of your hand look carefully at this
detail look here here here you see this
detail stay still just made
his to do his he needs to
have the cell phone in his hand and do like this
with the taxi Diego you can't do his
if you have the cell phone here on your head and we have
n't seen any movement that he has taken it
away from you if you had an
inspector gadget helmet while driving
because on several occasions you have played
the role of gravel gravel gravel and
playing the role so that nobody tells you
anything in the chat like you had a
companion recording if you have a helmet you
should have said I have a helmet but because you
are trying to pretend that you have
someone sitting next to you have waited
three days for the
gadget that you bought on Amazon to arrive at your house
where the hell did you buy it when if you
had had it from the first
moment I would have answered the
next day as you have done on most
occasions because if you had no
intention of answering or paying attention
to this then you directly do not answer what he
has answered three or four days
later the time that this arrives to you
but to lie Diego Arrabal  you have to
have everything very tied up and not only
with the reasons that I just gave you but
you also miss this detail and that is that
for a moment he puts on his
sunglasses and there we can see how you have the
mobile phone in your hand
oh god you look so much at the
youtubers and you copy the
youtubers and almost try to get here
crime and eat up a lot of ground you should have
seen the case of turbo plan
friend what
are you on the diet that I have
seen the mobile phone colleague this accident
according to unofficial reports was
caused well already our official
if not more official as
Mari Carmen Gutirrez informed us it was
caused by a group of photographers who were
chasing the couple in search of a
new image for the
tabloids that in the last two
months filled their pages with
stories and details of
Princess Diana's brand new romance with Dodi
al-Fayed Diana and Dodi both
met months ago but their romance
became public knowledge in mid-
August when the couple was photographed
during a cruise in the Mediterranean we have
not learned  absolutely nothing
take your pants down duck your head and
apologize the images of the pantoja
in court well okay they have a pass
they are of media interest but following him
home we don't care about an environment
or at least to decent people and since
we don't care if on top of everything you are going to do they
don't want your head to
evaluate the cell phone drive well pay
attention to the road get a
co-pilot get a companion or stop by
so that he can aggravate the situation with the
cell phone and you can follow all the
instructions put on the turn signals don't
bother anyone don't stand next to it don't
hinder traffic and above all you are
dependent on the road record it do not
limit live and then avoid it and
upload it censoring everything you have to
censor and above all please do not put your
cell phone under the
door grill that has been completely
disgusting and unfamiliar it
seems very serious to me get out really I find
this live show very serious I found it
terrifying I will be reading you in the
comments box I don't know if you think the same
as me  and if not, put your hand on your head
like me or I am or no friendship we
all have to stand against
this so that this stops and so that
this doesn't happen again this man what he
was assuming is that the people
who follow him are idiots and take advantage
of or try to take advantage of that I don't know I do
n't understand but please shoot take
your audience seriously they are the ones who
eat nothing family up to here the video
and I will be going to the
comments box don't forget to subscribe and
leave me a like and share this
everywhere see you
[Music]
to